# Static Website Generator

This is a static website generator written in Python. It takes a directory of Markdown files and a HTML template and generates a static website.

## Features

- Generates HTML files from Markdown files using a specified template.
- Copies static files (CSS, images, etc.) from a source directory to the public directory.
- Supports basic Markdown syntax for content creation.
- Uses a simple template engine to inject content into HTML pages.

## Usage

1.  Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/JacobA12/static_website_generator.git
    ```

2.  Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd static_website_generator
    ```

3.  Run the generator:

    ```bash
    ./main.sh
    ```

    This script will:

    - Delete the existing `public` directory.
    - Copy files from the `static` directory to the `public` directory.
    - Generate HTML files from the Markdown files in the `content` directory, using `template.html` as the template.
    - Serve the generated static website on port 8888 using Python's built-in http server.

## Project Structure

- `content/`: Contains Markdown files that will be converted to HTML.
- `public/`: The output directory where the generated HTML and static files are placed. This directory is generated by the script.
- `static/`: Contains static files like CSS, images, etc., that are copied to the `public` directory.
- `src/`: Contains the Python source code for the generator.
  - `copystatic.py`: Contains functions for copying static files.
  - `gencontent.py`: Contains functions for generating HTML files from Markdown content and applying the template.
  - `htmlnode.py`: Defines the HTML node classes for creating the HTML structure.
  - `inline_markdown.py`: Contains functions for parsing inline Markdown elements.
  - `main.py`: The main script that runs the generator.
  - `markdown_blocks.py`: Contains functions for converting Markdown blocks to HTML.
  - `textnode.py`: Defines the TextNode class for representing text elements.
- `template.html`: The HTML template used for generating the pages.
- `main.sh`: A shell script that runs the generator and serves the static website.
- `test.sh`: A shell script that runs the unit tests.

## Dependencies

- Python 3.x

## Running Tests

To run the unit tests, execute the following command:

```bash
./test.sh
```

## Credit

I made this project following the Boot.dev curriculum
https://github.com/bootdotdev/curriculum
